WORLD TOP SECRET INTELLIGENT SERVICE
Foreign Secret Intelligence & National Security Service
Motto: Counter-intelligence, operative-Investigatory Activities,
Guarding the State Collection, Covert Operations, and counterterrorism.
Address
Thames House, 12 Millbank, Cinquefoil
Trust, PO Box 3255, London SW1P 1AE

Your Attention Is Needed Now Sir/Madam,

This is the final warning you are going to receive from us. I hope you understand how many times this message has been sent to you? We have warned you several times and you have ignored our e-mail.If you fail to respond back to us,then we would be forced to contact other security agencies and have your name blacklisted.

We would also send a letter to the company/agency that you are working to suspend you until we are through with our investigations, your Identification which we have in our database has been sent to all the crime agencies for them to insert you in their website as an internet fraudster and to warn people from having any deals with you.

This would have been solved all this while if you had gotten the CERTIFICATE SIGNED, ENDORSED AND STAMPEDas you were instructed in the e-mail below.

The federal bureau of investigation (WTSIS) is using this medium to inform you that there is no more time left to waste because you have been given a mandate. As stated earlier to have the document endorsed, signed and stamped without failure and you must adhere to these directives to avoid you being arrested.

You failed to comply with our directives/instructions, and right now the WARRANT OF ARREST has been signed against you and it will be carried out in the next 24hours as strictly signed by the WTSIS Director.

We have investigated and believe (but have no proof) that you didn't have any idea when the fraudulent deal was committed with your information/identity and right now if your ID is placed on our website as a wanted person, I believe you know that it will be a shame to you and your entire family because after then it will be announced in all the local channels that you are wanted by the WTSIS.

I decided to see how i could be of help to you because i would not be happy to see you end up in jail and all your properties confiscated all because your information was used to carry out a fraudulent transactions, i called the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission of USA /UK and they directed me to a private attorney who could help you get the process done and he stated that he will endorse, sign and stamp the document at the sum of $50.00USD only and i believe this process is cheaper for you.

You need to do every possible today and tomorrow to get this process done because our director has called to inform me that the warrant of arrest has been signed against you and once it has been approved, then the arrest will be carried out, and from our investigations we learnt that you were the person that forwarded your identity to one impostor/fraudsters in Benin Republic when he had an deal with you about the transfer of some illegal Lottery funds which is valued at Millions of dollars with proofs.

I pleaded on your behalf so that this agency could give you till (1) day or two day from now so that you could get this process done because i learnt that you were sent several email without getting a response from you, Bear it in mind that this is the only way that i can be able to help you at this moment or you would have to face the law and its consequences once it has befall on you.

You are advised to send the $50.00 through a gift card, Steam wallet, Razer Gold, Apple Gift Card or Google play card or Apple card and forward the copy of the card now if you don't want us to come before you because we Have Reported You To The Following Security Agencies In The World Therefore You Can't Run Away From Us For Your Information Note!

Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), USA
Federal Security Service, USSR
Naikaku Joho Chosashitsu, Japan
Directorate-General for External Security, France
Secret Intelligence Service (MI6), UK
Mossad, Israel
Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), India
National Intelligence Agency, South Africa
Inter-Services Intelligence, Pakistan
SAVAK, Iran
Iraqi National Intelligence Service, Iraq

Make sure that you didn't hesitate in sending the fee so that they could have the certificate endorsed, signed and stamped immediately without any further delay. After all this process has been carried out,then we would have to proceed to the bank for the transfer of your compensation funds to be complete which was supposed to have been transferred to you all this while.

Note/ all the crime agencies have been contacted in this regard and we shall trace and arrest you if you disregard these instructions. You are given a grace to make the payment for the document after which your failure to do that will attract a maximum arrest and finally you will be appearing in court for acts of terrorism, money laundering and drug trafficking charges,so be warned not to try anything funny because you are being watched.

Thanks
Dr. Mr. Johnson Hilton
Position WTSIS Director General
Email; corporateafirmheadquarters@gmail.com
Foreign Secret Intelligent & National Security Service