US Ambassador to Benin Republic

Without mincing words, I am convinced 100% that you have had bitter
experience with various 'scammers' claiming to be high government
officials and thereby defrauding you of your 'hard-earned money'. The
activities of these scammers has changed your perspective about
conducting business on the internet, and you now believed there is no
genuine business that can be conducted on the internet. Well, I am an
American and the internet was created by Americans for the purpose of
creating awareness for your products/services and conducting genuine
business with ease. I am fully committed to deliver the "diplomatic
consignment" to you in the United States in order to differentiate
myself from the many Benin Republic you have dealt with. I am a full
citizen of the United States , but I was on a Foreign Mission here in
Benin as a US Ambassador. Hence, I am making every efforts to ensure
that no citizen of the United States is cheated by Benin Republic .

Therefore, I need your utmost support and understanding to actualize
this dream. I also want you to understand that I do trust you and I
expect you to show me the same trust and respect in return since trust
is a 2-way street. On the other hand, trust is a relationship of
reliance. Trust also means being able to predict what other people
will do and what situations will occur.

Trust is both an emotional and logical act. Emotionally, it is where
you expose your vulnerabilities to people, but believing they will not
take advantage of your openness. Logically, it is where you have
assessed the probabilities of gain and loss, calculating expected
utility based on hard performance data, and concluded that the person
in question will behave in a predictable manner. In practice, trust is
a bit of both. I trust you because I have experienced your
trustworthiness by merely believing in what I have said, even when you
have not seen me, and because I have faith in human nature.

Frankly speaking, I understand that anyone in your shoes will feel
betrayed, but I still want you to show me your trust by giving me the
benefit of doubt on this delivery arrangement. My identity and
personality is verifiable, and I promise to deliver the consignment to
you in the United States without any hitch. Please do not allow this
mission to die off because of $50.00 dollars. I meant so well for you
and I believe you will appreciate me more when you have finally
received your partial payment of $10.5million dollars upon my arrival
with the package in United States . I will use my position and
personality to deposit the $10.5million dollars into your bank account
in the United States without questioning from the financial monitoring
authorities, since all documentations proving the legitimacy of the
funds has been processed.

Please don't see me as one of the numerous dubious Benin republic you
have dealt with in the past. I am a different person entirely and I
come from a different continent. I have the American spirit in me and
I hate cheaters. I promise to always uphold the national unity of the
United States . Please reply back ASAP and let me know your
possibility of sending the $50.00 dollars today.

And we want you to know that the fastest way to pay this fee now is to
send us a gift card of your choice below by either you send us a $50
via an Apple Gift card a

Steam Gift card or Vanilla Gift card or Amazon gift card or America
Express card or Ebay gift card or Sephora Gift card or Google Play
card. So that we'll complete

the wire transfer of your funds into your account today.

Respectfully yours,
MR. JAMES F. ENTWISTLE
US Ambassador to Benin Republic