THE UNITED NATIONS DEVELOPMENT GROUP, IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND, WORLD BANK FACT-FINDING & SPECIAL DUTIES OFFICE, ATTN: Beneficiary, The United Nations Security Council, hereby receives your payment with reference number#.MAV/UNO/WBO/LM-05-371 amounting to US$10,500,000.00 (Ten Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars).This council was set up to fight against scam and fraudulent activities worldwide, responsible for verification, investigation and recommendation of overdue unpaid funds. We want to officially notify you that your funds valued at US$10,500,000.00, being payment for your Overdue Inheritance/Contract entitlements has been programmed to be transferred to a Bank Account in your country, following series of documents tendered by your Representative Mr.David L. Nielsen, and your Attorney Barrister John Swatz, of J. Swatz & Associates. They have presented a "Power of Attorney" duly signed by you in which was clearly stated that due to some inevitable circumstances beyond your control (ILL HEALTH) that you will not be able to finalize this payment yourself, thus appointing Mr. D.L. Nielsen to act on your behalf. All transfer documents have been forwarded to the Office of the Minister for Finance for final endorsement and are mandated to be concluded in a few days from now. Please call the customer service with this email address you are contacted with , for any further change, quoting the above file reference number and within 48hrs, as no change of information will be effected after transfer of funds. As a matter of urgency, we need a re-confirmation from you if the said Man and Attorney are your True Representatives, before we proceed to issue final payment release order. Find below the account information they have presented for the transfer; A/C Name: Mr.David L. Nielsen, Bank: JP Morgan Chase Bank, 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza, New York , NY.10081 Bank Routing #:021000021 A/C #:227863934766 We look forward to your swift response. Yours Faithfully, Mrs.Carman L. Lapointe. Director for Special Duties.