Attn: Beneficiary.




We write in regards to your delayed Contract/Inheritance Funds in the
sum of Eight Million Five Hundred thousand United States Dollars
(US$8,000,500.00) which you are yet to receive as a result of your
inability to raise the required fee(s) to conclude your Transaction.

The United Nations has decided to proffer a solution that will make it
easier for all the Beneficiaries to receive their Funds. We understood
that some Fees are required in order process and Transfer your Funds
into your Account. We are also aware that most Beneficiaries do not
have these required fees.

We have therefore deliberated with the Bank in charge of this payment
to allow Beneficiaries the privilege of receiving their Funds in two
(2) or three (3) installments. In this case, Beneficiaries will no
longer be required to pay the fee at once but part of it depending on
the number of installments such Beneficiary will like his/her Funds to
be released to him/her.

Write the Bank and request that you want your fund to be transferred
to your account by installments payment,(ATM & Wire transfer) so that
once the first payments enters into your account you can then use
money from there to facilitate the transfer of the remaining balance,
once the first installments enters into your account withdrawal from
your account to Wells Fargo Bank Miami, Florida USA.Online transfer
procedure.

The Wells Fargo Bank Miami, Florida USA in which is now in charge of
your Payment has agreed to give the Beneficiaries the option of
receiving their Funds at once, in two or three installments.
Therefore, you should send him your full Name and telephone
number/your correct mailing address.


This will help the beneficiaries to pay part of the fee and receive
part of their Funds with which such beneficiary can upset the
remaining fee and receive his/her complete Funds.

To break this down:

Two Hundred Dollars ($200) fee will facilitate the release of One
Million United States Dollars (US$1,000,000.00) only. Three Hundred
Dollars ($300) fee will facilitate the release of Two Million United
States Dollars (US$2,000,000.00) only.

Five Hundred Dollars ($500) fee which is the total fee will
facilitate the release of your Full Contract/inheritance Funds in the
sum of Eight Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars
(US$8,500,000.00).

What a shame and embarrassment? If actually, you have spent money to
execute this contract and have spent money in the hands of the
fraudsters and impostors without achieving your goal in receiving this
fund, what stops you from giving out one chance benefit of doubt and
sacrifice with this token fee to see your fund payment successfully
completed?

However, Feel free to inform us how much you can raise should you
cannot afford any of the above Mentioned installment so as for us to
talk to the Bank to know how much out of your Funds they could release
to you with the amount you can come up with.

This is the best the United Nations can do for you and you are advised
to take advantage of this opportunity. Kindly, Get back to me
immediately with your option so that i will forward you the contact
person at the paying Bank in Wells Fargo Bank in Miami, Florida USA.
to indicate your preferred option.


Contact Person: Mr. Atinidora O. Osoteo

Tel: + 1 601 803-1598



Waiting For Your Urgent Respond.





Best Regards.





From Mr. António Guterres UN Secretary