THIS IS THE (F.B.I)
http://www.fbi.gov
ROBERT S. MUELLER
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FBI
Direct Line: 206-888-4277
Email:www.fbiworld.gov_usa@hotmail.com
Federal Bureau of Investigation
J. Edgar Hoover Building
935 Pennsylvania Avenue,
NW Washington,
D.C. 20535-0001, USA


FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION SEEKING TO WIRETAP THE INTERNET


The Federal Bureau of Investigation (F.B.I) write to you in correspondence to the meeting we recently had with the Federal republic of Nigeria Government on the ERADICATION of SCAMS on the internet. Federal bureau of investigation (FBI) Washington, DC in conjunction with some other relevant Investigation Agencies like Internal Revenue Service here in the United states of America have recently been informed through our Global intelligence monitoring network that you presently have a transaction with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) as regards to your over-due contract payment which was fully endorsed in your favor accordingly. After the meeting held on Friday 25th of June 2010 at the Bank Auditorium Center, the whole conflict of SCAMS was revealed to us by the Board of Trustee of Federal Republic of Nigeria mostly by the three arms of Government.

The Judiciary, the Legislature and the Executive).

These three arms of Government has made Us realize that the ramped of SCAMS over floating around the United State of America and some other part of the world was been set up by the root of some CBN Ex-Workers that have been suspended for sometimes due to their dubious characters of initiating people to impersonate the Government Workers to receive peoples hard earn money from them, mostly with the Executive Governor identity.

For these reasons, the New Central Bank Executive Governor was invited to this office to defend the allegation against Him. While he made complain that his office was not in charge of foreign transfer of funds, that the accredited office was Federal Ministry of Finance Department (FEDMINAP) in person of EXECUTIVE GOVERNOR: MR. LAMIDO AMINU SANUSI as the New appointed Accountant General in charge of all foreign transfer Payment files.

They also told us that the only problem they are facing right now is that some unscrupulous element are using this project as an avenue to scam innocent people off their hard earned money by impersonating the Executive Governor that is why the Federal Government has appoint EXECUTIVE GOVERNOR: MR. LAMIDO AMINU SANUSI as the Payment Director of the Central Bank office.
The Federal government of Nigeria has approved that all overdue outstanding payments must be paid on or before Monday 25th of June 2010, before the upcoming Local Government Electorates which might leads to recalling of funds back to the Bank Treasury. Meanwhile, we are also informed that a Man with an America passport number (3028882234) came to the Central Bank affiliated bank office in U.K few days ago with a letter, claiming to be your true representative.

Here are the man information below:
(I've removed the banking details from this post as I'm not sure whether they belong to a real person; the original email had a name and account number here.)

INSTRUCTION/WARNING
FROM ROBERT S. MUELLER III.

NB: You are urgently advised to please reconfirm the below following information to the Office of the New Accountant General, as a matter of urgency if this Man is from you so that this office will not issue your fund and be held responsible, If this man isn't of your true representative, you are requested to contact for your inheritance claim valued of US$10,000,000.00M (Ten Million United State Dollars) only will be remitted into your nominated bank account or any other way you which to receive it.

1) Your full name..
2) Home, fax and mobile #.
3) Residential address.
4) Company name,
5)Company address.
6)Office position and
5) Age and marital status.
6) Working I'd / Int'l passport.

And should incase you are already dealing with anybody or office claiming to be From the Central Bank of Nigeria, you are further advised to STOP further Contact with in person from Africa in your best interest and as you already know that prof Soludo is no more the acting Gov of the (CBN) and then contact the real office of the New (GOV) of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) only with the Below information's accordingly:

EXECUTIVE GOVERNOR:
OFFICE ADDRESS: Central Bank of Nigeria,
Central Business District,
Cadastral Zone,
Abuja, Federal Capital Territory,
Nigeria.
Direct Line: + 234 7066230050
Email:- centralb-of.ng@live.com

IMPORTANT NOTICE.

Note: we are on investigation and security watch over any message with Central Bank, to benefit the satisfaction of all the United States Citizen by seeking to Wiretap scams on the internet with the help of Nigeria Government and also with The assistance of all United states Citizen, by listening to the instructions we give out to avoid falling for SCAMS on INTERNET.
All modalities has already been worked out even before you were contacted and note that we will be monitoring all your dealings with them as you proceed so You don't have anything to worry about.

All we require from you henceforth is an update so as to enable us be on track with you and the Central Bank of Nigeria. Without wasting much time, will want you to contact them immediately with the above email address so as to enable them attend to your case accordingly without any further delay as there is limit of validity on this transaction and further delay might make you lose this transaction as the rightful Beneficiary.

Should in case you need any more information's in regards to this Notification, be free to get back to us so that we can brief you more as we are here to guide you during and after this project has been completely perfected And you have received your contract fund as stated.

Thank you very much for your co-operation in advance as we earnestly await your urgent response to this matter.

Regards,
Robert S. Mueller,
Federal Bureau of Investigation
J. Edgar Hoover Building
935 Pennsylvania Avenue,
NW Washington,
D.C. 20535-0001, USA
Cell :- 206-666-2275
Email Adress:www.fbiworld.gov_usa@hotmail.com