We Need To Hear From You Now
(OFAC)U.S Treasury Department's
1500 Pennsylvania Avenue,
NWWashington, DC 20220

Make Your Time Read Clearly And Reply Sir/Mada,

This email is to notify you about the release of your outstanding
payment which is truly $5,500,000.00 USD. The New York NY (USA)
scheduled a time frame to settle all foreign debts which includes
Contract/Inheritance/ Gambling/ Lottery(Sponsored by Microsoft and
National Lottery) and other international loans. News had it that over
the past, numerous individual (s) who happen to be impostors (claiming
to be individuals, banks and organizations) are claiming to release
numerous sums of fund via numerous ways.

With the help of the (OFAC)U.S Treasury Department's and with the FBI
we have noticed that people have being asked to pay outrageous amount
of money by these impostors for the transfer of their funds to them.We
want you to stop all communication that has to do with these fraudsters
who have been requesting unreasonable sums of money from you to release
your funds which they do not have access to.

We have received a mandate and instructions from the (OFAC)U.S Treasury
Department's to commence the immediate release of your funds through one
of the following payment options stated below depending on your choice:

1. Payment via Automatic Teller Machine (ATM card): This is where you
will be sent an Automatic Teller Machine card with Pin also known as
ATM card (A Master Card would be issued). Upon receipt of your custom
ATM card you will be allowed to withdraw $10,000 per day by default
and you are given the option to transfer funds from your ATM card to
your bank account.

2. Certified Cashiers Check or Bank Draft: In this case you will be
sent a certified bank draft or check signed in your favor which you
will deposit in any bank for it to be cleared within 3 to 5 working
days at most depending on your bank.

3. Online Banking (Bank To Bank Transfer) to enable you process this
operation, the fee is reduce to $50usd Dollars is Required for
opening for an online banking operation, that will enable you get
access to your account Online.

You are advised to select one out of the three options on how you wish
to receive your $5,500,000.00 USD, Your Online Banking Access or ATM
card or Check/Bank Draft will be shipped via Courier Shipping Company
and would get to you within 2 working days at most.

For international shipping as stated by our company We had to sign
contract with Courier for bulk shipping which makes the fees reduce
to $50 usd nothing more and no hidden fee of any sort.

You are advised to contact the Department's Officer responsible for
the shipping of your Check or ATM card with the following information
for shipping of your payment Check or ATM card.

You are advised to provide the following information:
Your full Name; ,,
Country,,,,,,,,,,,,
Your Address:.,,,,,,
Occupation:.,,,,,,,,,
Home/Cell Phone:.,,,,,,
Age..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Remember that you are not paying any fees extra no matter what. Once
again note that the actual Courier Retail Price: $245usd Your Price
(Because of our contract signed): is now $50 usd

You can send the $50 money through any of the following information Via
Money Gram or Western Union or I Tunes gift Card or Steam wallet card
0r Google Play.

Thanks
Mrs. Alice Abraham
U.S Treasury Department's
1500 Pennsylvania Avenue,
NW Washington, DC 20220 USA
E-Mail; corporateafirmheadquarters@gmail.com