CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR
PLOT 33, ABUBAKAR TAFAWA BALEWA WAY
CENTRAL BUSINESS DISTRICT,
CADASTRAL ZONE,
ABUJA, FEDERAL CAPITAL TERRITORY,
NIGERIA PMB 0187,
GARKI ABUJA.
NIGERIA.

Attn: Beneficiary.

If you've gone through this before, it wasn't me but the wrong people using my credential so please be careful about people or email you received some emails are not official. You'll need to contact your delivery agent Mr. Tom Brown in Los Angeles to reconfirm your delivery details to him to avoid any confusion or wrong delivery. It has come to my notice that you are dealing with the wrong officials in the past, please be mindful of who you're dealing with.

Be informed that the Scotland Yard Police, Interpol, Federal Bureau of Investigation, (FBI) United States of America, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) of Nigeria and all the African Crime fighter leaders have come together to stop scam/internet fraud in Nigeria and all round Africa.

Our duty is to make sure we stop Internet scam and money laundering. As for this week we have put a lot of fraudsters in jail. We go all over Africa to pick these thieves/Internet rats. We have over 8,273 of them in our jails round Africa and we are still looking for more. We are aware that you've been deceived alot and foreigners out there have been deceived and lost their hard earned money to these fraudsters after promising them such mails like this.

As soon as the delivery is made, you must call me on my direct number so I can give you the code to your boxes. Remember the delivery man doesn't know the contents of your boxes for security reasons. I never let him know he is delivering cash worth $8.3 million usd to you, you need to keep this delivery confidential to people until the delivery is made.

Note that you must call Mr. Tom Brown as soon as you receive this email for more discussion; direct line is # +1 (860) 792-6138 Or whatSapp. Also reconfirm your full current address and valid phone number to the Delivery officer via his above email address at diptombrown@hotmail.comonce you receive this email to enable him to deliver your cash consignment box to your house without any further delay.

You are not expected to waste his time because he will make delivery to other beneficiary appointees. Please once you receive your consignment make sure you sign the receive document to prove your satisfaction and call me for your authentication Code.

Congratulations,

MR.GODWIN EMEFIELE,
EXECUTIVE GOVERNOR,
CENTRAL BANK OF NIGERIA